write a stroy ending with *icy fingers gripping my arms in darkness*

life was easy when i used to be a small child hoping here and there wihtout any thinking, Stress and Tension. I am 
Currently a established manager in a MNC. I am paid sufficient for my needs, but somehow i am not happy.
just imagine yourself stuck in an endless loop. Every single day you are doing the same thing over and over.
life will become void. often  i used to think about my childhood where i never had a rush of doing things.
i was like a bird in a open sky and a fish in water where only and only i want to enjoy the moment.i used to 
spend my childhood weekends with my grandparents who were more friends with me
 Grandpa was cool and funny who always used to lift me high with his shaking arms 
 and I enjoyed getting a champi from my grandmother skinny hands and loved watching
  her knitting a sweater for me she always asked about my choices whereas grandpa used to boil water for me.
  we hardly went on vacation with them but Everytime i saw them i felt a deep relief. i could hide from my mom 
  but i used to share everything with my grandpa. 
  I still remember these little little trees which we planted and eating and shooting those watermelon seeds like a bullet
  the only place I felt safe was of grandma lab which was enough 
  for holding my head everything was going smooth till the day came.
  i was sleeping with my granpa like i use to do.
  the next day he was not the one who cuddled me and opened curtain for those beautiful sun rays
  i woke up by my own and jumped over him like i used to do every morning but he did not react .
  i feared and called grandma. they loved each other a lot my  mom and plenty people used to recall thier
  glamourous love life. loving someone very day is not easy but when i look at them it seems 
  a cup of cake for them
  when she came to know that she will never have his shoudler to rely on again she died of a heart attaack
  i still remember how she was holding his small finger till the very last.
  everytime i remind this i feel *icy fingers gripping my arms in darkness*;